Hi.
Excuse me.
I didn't know Zhu was such a person.
I thought you were just jealous.
Can't let go of a peaceful death
Blame him.
The King's Prior
Just trust
I want to believe
Do you really love me?
Of course I love you.
You're confident.
Independence
Beautiful teeth.
The family is good.
I help Zhu Nhien.
Just because...
They're the opposite of me.
Too weak.
I don't know anything.
So...
When something happens
You will be unconscious.
Choose to save them first.
Because my house is small.
They deserve to be ignored.
My safety is worth dying for.
It's not like this.
That's right.
I just feel like they make me miserable.
I swear I didn't do anything.
From today on.
I'll get rid of him.
You give me one more time
Right.
This knife is you let me down.
This knife is because you think you're right.
Killed my safety.
This one.
Because you hurt me this time.
The illusion is as good as the beginning
I don't blame you.
These three knives.
Squeeze one hand.
Both of us.
Child.
What's going on?
The Light
Don't come with me.
As long as you are small.
What?
I can do that.